CircleCI: Add Note About "Resource not found" warnings (#36)
actions/importer-labs: circle_ci/2-audit.md

3. The command will list all the files written to disk in green when the command succeeds.

>    _Note:  It is expected to see "Resource not found" warnings in the output.  These warnings are present because you are not a member of the CircleCI organization actions-importer-labs._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   **Note**:  It is expected that you will see "Resource not found" warnings in the output. These warnings are present because you are not a member of the CircleCI organization actions-importer-labs.
```
